[Applause]
[Music]
war between the two superpowers seemed
inevitable so if you put a very
strategically important Island between
them 2 + 2 equals
War Sicily was an island islands are
surrounded by water
charge I guess we're just going to have
to go ahead and build ourselves a war
fet aren't we from
scratch from
scratch they developed ingenious new
ways of Waging War they attempted an
invasion of the carthaginian Heartland
look at this thing it's
unbelievable and whenever disaster
struck them they always came back again
and
again the Romans have built another
Fleet oh for goodness sake the
carthaginians later sent possibly the
greatest milit milary general of the
time a man named hamilcar Barka to the
island no but in the end it was Roman
determination that won the fight I just
don't care and you have to pay us 2,200
talents of silver over the next 20 years
I Kumba that will us one day
Carthage will have its
revenge my beautiful
son
you
are
[Music]
Vengeance stupid
chickens